oh my god they're morning YouTube so I
asked everyone on Twitter what they
would like to see as far as my next
YouTube video and everyone wanted to see
a Q&A I've never done one before so I
wanted to make it a little entertaining
I don't really enjoy personally watching
sit-down q and A's they're just not fun
to watch so I'm going to take you guys
through my day and answer your questions
as we go places so the first question is
Nick goals Beck asked what camera you
use for vlogging on YouTube and I use
the Sony a 5-1 hundred this is a camera
that a lot of bloggers use and the
reason that I really love this camera is
because is such high quality but it also
has the flip screen so you can see
yourself while you vlog
no I apologize if I'm pronouncing this
wrong but somebody else's how did you
get funder by Jeff Gordon and I have a
lot of people ask me this question and I
think this is just going to be a very
broad answer for anybody um what I
advise you guys we're trying to get
sponsored by a company you need to be
genuine be yourself don't ever try to be
somebody that you're not
or portrayed to be somebody that you're
not on your social media don't do any
drastic measures to try to get sponsored
always just be a kind genuine person and
support the company like I honestly
never thought I would ever get reached
out to you by Jim Shari I personally
never reach out to them they reached out
to me and that is because they're such a
huge company it would be a dream to be
sponsored by them but I always supported
the company no matter what I love their
clothes I love the lifestyle that they
represent and I just love behind the
scenes and what some like message is for
your ground
a visionary message to me in a way that
no other company has ever done so I
honestly didn't really do anything
special to get three sheltered by chip
charts
I've only supported an author closed on
their website whenever they have
launches and stuff and I'm just with
myself I portrayed myself in a very
genuine and positional weight on my
history so I hope that answers your
question guys I get that question a lot
but just for yourself like just be
consistent with your content produce
content that people are going to look at
and don't ever try to team a following
or anything like that in a negative way
me now
so another party tried to park in the
snow parking spot after we just lost
another car get towed so pile right out
there and told them that they can't park
there
Sibella thank you our good deed for the
day and I totally believe in good karma
Mike's McCoy wants to know
they're all right
so we are walking around Center City a
little bit I'm going to answer some more
questions
so Lauren in Fitness how did you and
your boyfriend meet and how long have
you guys been together you guys are so
cute from a fellow BJJ judo player so we
actually met in California
I am initially from Georgia and Kyle is
from Philadelphia so we actually flew
out to a tournament in California when
there wasn't anything yeah it was like
he just comment on my picture was like
okay he was his tournament what section
are you sitting in we were kind of like
sponsored by the same company did the
company defense there's like no signals
was where I was running like no service
like one bar I'm like oh my god so and
then after that she was like on her way
home to the airport on that
yeah well I guess I'm to make you but we
just kept talking on long-distance and
we started flying out to each other back
and forth
um the likes a better right there so
yeah we would just like paid go
basically do tournaments in the area
that we both were like he would come to
Atlanta when I was in school up there
and do tournaments and I would go up to
New York and do tournaments so we did
that for about a year and then I
eventually just decided to switch
colleges and move up here and go to
nursing school up here and sitting up
there your question we have been
together for three years and 28 days
yeah and the end of this month actually
um he actually asked me to be his
girlfriend on his birthday so I felt
obligated to say yes just kidding the
funny thing is though I actually
friendzone him for like a really long
time but he's cute he's adorable
Maryana said will you and Kyle be
visiting us in LA and yes girl like we
definitely want to come back to
California it probably won't be until
next year when like the LA Finnick's
book comes around but we'll just be
coming to California and visiting you
and Omar and I'm so excited for you guys
it is going to be just such an awesome
change for you and I can't wait to see
how everything works out
Oh yo yo yo we are out here getting some
protein coaching bar Tyler's primitive
die I hit with a whip hit up hey hey
don't hit on the Nene No hey I asked her
that makes so many decisions to me did
you get it
so we are in the upper floor now it's
playing around
vitamin shoppe and I just got this
really
scene is like sports bra problem
I'm sorry about that
but I do want to eat there a couple more
questions
and I am going to
okay so regions
New Age sisters in Ella who is adorable
said why are you so amazing
and what is your background nationality
so I am actually Cherokee Indian I
believe I'm like 16% other than that I
really don't know but I get really tan
during the summer what I'm actually
holy implements that what will you be
doing when you finish all six weeks up
in Candida program so as some of you
know I am competing in another bikini
show and October so as soon as I'm doing
my Candida program I don't want to
start six weeks over again because some
of my strengths again once I get closer
to my show so I'm just going to focus on
doing more bodybuilding style of
training but also trying to keep as much
strength as I can and just trying to
kind of make my own powerlifting program
as I go but I'm having so much fun doing
they can't need a program and I'm seeing
so much great piece so it's definitely
fun and I really recommend anyone who
wants to experiment with powerlifting to
try this program okay so that cool kid
Nick that what is your favorite Pokemon
and why let me think
it's really really hard guys there's so
many Pokemon I really honestly don't
think I can narrow down hesitating
pokemons Pikachu job Pikachu is
about okay health
shuttle said how and when did you start
powerlifting um there was never really a
time where I started like powerlifting
training whenever I first started
weightlifting I was very attracted to
the power looking style of training so
um I began my fitness journey about 3
years ago now and I actually worked at
Planet Fitness at the time so I started
my fitness journey at a Planet Fitness
where I basically just used like the
machines probably for like the first
five months of my journey and after I
kind of got into more different styles
of training and I started to study my
personal training certification with
NASM I decided to switch gyms and go to
LA Fitness and that is where I started
my real like powerlifting style training
um I love deadlifts I love squat it took
me a while to get comfortable with
benching but it was honestly something
that I was just attracted to from the
very beginning
my fitness journey and the past couple
of weeks is the first time that I've
really done like a politics style
program through the Candido training
program so I've gotten a lot of
questions about it so I will actually
put the website in the link below where
I actually got all the information in
the Excel spreadsheet so I like I said
before I recommend this program to
anyone who is new or just doesn't know
how to make a publishing style program
for themselves and yes I hope that is
your question
Emily Oatley asked do you have any
advice or tips for starting a YouTube
channel so um I would just suggest that
if you are going to be starting a
YouTube channel um I remember when I
first raided a YouTube channel and I was
just using my cell phone all the time
and honestly I wasn't very happy with
the content that I was producing so I
honestly would recommend making sure
that you have like the financial and
like time to invest into a YouTube
channel because I have been in a place
where I was very on and off with my
youtube channel I would make like three
videos one week and then the next three
weeks I just wouldn't produce any videos
um so just make sure you have the time
and kind of like the financial stability
to dedicate time to your YouTube channel
and even before starting your YouTube
channels just I always I'm not going to
show you guys because in which you see
like secrets but I always write any kind
of video ideas that I get throughout the
week or just about the day I write them
in my little phone
and it's all like video ideas um so yeah
just make sure you do you have a lot of
ideas for your YouTube channel just
brainstorm all the time be creative be
unique try not to just like copy what
other people are doing because that is
what's going to make people follow you
is that you are unique and you're
yourself and you're producing something
that you would want to watch so if I
could give you like three tips for
starting a YouTube channel that would be
to be yourself like just be as unique as
possible and try to think of a good
ideas produce content that you would
want to watch so don't post something
that you think which is for people
because I personally watch my videos
like five times in a row and honestly it
in Turkey so hopefully that means that
other people are being in urging and
three is being consistent so this is
something that I have personally then
like I there have been times where I
wasn't consistent and I think that's
something that a lot of people
appreciate is when you were consistent
with some videos and they know you were
going to keep producing good quality
content morning YouTube so it's actually
the next day um after we left off
yesterday Kyle and I went to go see
Central Intelligence with Kevin Hart and
Dwayne Johnson and it was so freaking
funny I definitely recommend going to
see that pretty much any movie with
Kevin Hart is going to be hilarious but
we are in Center City today it is July
3rd and they are doing something at
Independence Hall and honestly it's
really cool living in such a historical
City I've never really experienced that
before until I moved here so I'll show
you guys what we're doing over there but
I did want to answer a couple of
questions as we are walking so team
great em said would you ever compete on
the TV show American ninja or
and honestly that sounds so much fun I
actually have a friend that from college
he like trains at one of those American
ninja like gyms where they have the
obstacle courses and he competed or did
a run on the most recent season I don't
think they aired his run but he said it
was like so much fun and it's like it's
really difficult but how did something
like I don't know I totally do it I
think it would be really fun
panic peatland said how do you combat
cravings what are your tips for cutting
wheat and can you cut weight in still
maintain or gain muscle at the same time
and what are your tips for beginners who
want to lift heavy so I have a couple
different tips for weight that I combat
my cravings
mainly most of the time I usually combat
my cravings by drinking coffee or maybe
like a zero calorie drink but I know a
lot of people like to chew gum as well
anything that will really satisfy like
whatever kind of flavor you're craving I
mean normally when I have cravings I
create something sweet so coffee usually
does the trick but one thing I do want
to say is if you are craving something
for a really long time
and you literally like can't stop
craving it you try all these tricks just
have some like you're not going to die
from having pizza or doughnut or
whatever more than likely if you just
keep restricting yourself from whatever
you're craving then you're just gonna
Finch and that is what you don't want to
do so whenever you're cutting weight
figure out what your maintenance macros
are and make a plan for how you want to
cut weight each week figure out how many
pounds you wanna lose each week so
you're out an end-date
click an end goal date so you have a
structured plan and that way you're less
likely to fall off your plans and
another thing is whenever you are
beginning to cut weight don't
drastically cut your macros or calories
and don't drastically add a bunch of
cardio just do a slow progressive cut
and as far as cutting weight and
maintaining muscle yes like that's
totally possible
if you cut weight in a very slow
structured manner you can definitely
preserve as much muscle as you would
like um obviously if you are cutting
your calories and macros and just adding
a bunch of cardio in very drastically
you will lose some muscle so one thing I
recommend is just do a very slow cut and
if you are thinking of competing in a
show I mean by the end of your cut you
may lose some muscles but that's just
what happens when you get into that low
of a calorie deficit as far as tips for
beginners who are just starting weight
training one thing that I would
recommend is if you don't know how to
lift properly or your Center with
exercises I would recommend using the
machines because they have the pictures
on them and they kind of show you how to
use them and another thing that I would
recommend
don't focus on lifting super heavy focus
on form get your form down correctly and
use a lighter weight so that you will
have proper form when you begin to lift
speaker does anyone else think that the
Philadelphia Bank looks like green God
because it does
what is up guys
so we actually just got home from
hanging out in Center City today and I
just wanted to answer one more question
so Katie date asked what are some of
your favorite cardio exercises now it
would depend on what kind of car do I am
doing as far as hit training I really do
love just doing Sprint's as far as like
list training it would probably be the
Stairmaster I usually do it for about 45
minutes
but recently ever since I found my new
juice and gym that is probably going to
be my favorite form of cardio for those
of you who aren't familiar with
Brazilian jiu-jitsu it's actually a very
very good workout but the thing that I
enjoy about it is yes you are getting a
very good workout in but you are also
mentally thinking every single second of
your bowl so every second that I'm
rolling I have to be a step ahead of my
opponent just because if I want to do
the technique correctly I have to be
aware of everything my opponent is doing
and it's just so fun to get in a really
really good workout but also have like
that mental game going on and if any of
you in the Philadelphia area are
interested in coming to try out a class
I just started training at my new gym
called Ruth's athletics and I would love
to help you out and get you started with
phonics classes you can come in and try
one of those classes for free and we
also offer a fit class which is like a
hit interval circuit training which is
so friggin hard I did it the other day
and I was so tired but it was so late it
was such a good workout
so yeah if you are interested in doing
that leave a comment or send me a PM on
Instagram or email however I would love
to get you set it up for a free class
you want to come try one so that will be
it for this QA hope you guys enjoyed
this style of video I thought I would be
fun to kind of take you through both of
my days just so it wasn't a boring
sit-down video but I really enjoyed
answering some of your questions and
that'll be it if you like these Q&A
please leave a like on this video and I
will know to do them more often so yes
I'll see you guys next time